what I'm about to show you may upset
some and I want to prepare you in
advance if you saw the video I did
previously I am showing people what is
actually going on the documented facts
of how our living standards will Decline
and in today's video I'm going to show
you something we need to look at in
depth and we need to start getting
serious you came here for the truth so
let me unveil that for you look I know
that this isn't a sitcom I know that
this isn't some entertaining Tik Tok
video but it is important and I'm going
to explain exactly why if your name is
Jeff Bezos if you're one of the
billionaire crew you don't have to watch
this video but if you are not part of
the globalist elite you got to pay
attention Okay I'm going to talk about
this it connects in with this other
video I did and I want to make it clear
what I uh spoke of recently and a couple
times is the RCMP okay this is basically
think of like the FBI of Canada and what
they had said is that they expect living
standards to decline over a 5-year
period they are warning about other
things okay this video is very important
I wish more people had watched it but
the point here is that it's not just me
that's saying it it's actual agencies
like the RCMP that didn't by the way
they didn't just say this publicly they
released a secret document within the
RCMP and then we had to get uh what is
the equivalent of a Freedom of
Information Act request to try and pull
that data and they did and most of it
was redacted and still it was
Troublesome now look here Bezos buys $90
million pays 90 million for the third
mansion in Florida buying spree so it's
fantastic this guy over here he's able
to get yet another property on this
exclusive Indian Creek Island where all
of the richest of the rich also known as
billionaire bunker they come in they buy
it up and now the lots are worth tens of
millions of dollars just for a lot with
nothing on it and uh fantastic for these
people um really good right I mean if
you're part of that elite club I mean
this is great because stock market has
gone up real estate has gone up
everything's doing real well uh no
issues look if you're Tim Cook you sell
$33 million of shares okay no problem
this was on April 3rd sold $ 33 million
dollar in shares the stock market
they're trying to get people to buy into
the stock market everything is great
we're we're selling robots now Apple yay
oh but by the way I'm the CEO and I'm
selling $33 million of stock okay
Gucci's China shock reverberates across
the Luxury Landscape fears of a Slowdown
among Chinese shoppers have dogged the
luxury industry for the better part of a
year uhoh and now right here Gucci is at
the center of it so not everybody and
not all luxury are doing well this is a
problem here so we need to start looking
at the intricate details of the halves
and the have knots where the money is
being spent and where the money simply
isn't going now let's take a deeper look
quiet luxury is Alive and Well in
2024 this is like old money right yeah
you have money you put the cash aside
you might buy things that are not flashy
not the Versace with the you know maybe
it's got bells and whistles all over it
it's more about okay if I want to look
good maybe uh you know not n known name
brands maybe something that I could
subtly wear or maybe it's something that
I in in and I don't really show anybody
these kind of things are now why maybe
they don't want to
get be become a target for all the crime
look at what's happening where you have
watch spotters so in London this is
particularly evident where they have a
watch spotter guy comes out of the hotel
he's seen wearing a
$500,000 uh rishard Mill $500,000 reard
Mill he comes out they say okay that guy
now he's got to come back to the hotel
at some point and late at night he comes
back and he has made an offer do you
like the watch yes it's my watch okay
would you like to keep the
arm okay yeah give us the watch that's
the way it works okay and these type of
things are going on all the time so of
course people are saying you know I
don't want to I don't want that so maybe
quiet luxury is the way to go California
food chains laying off workers ahead of
new minimum wage law you increase the
price you you do this to companies they
lay people off you got to realize the
value of the quote unquote human
resource is
declining housing affordability has just
totally collapsed would be home buyers
need to earn $113,000 a year to afford
the typical house in the United States
that is 35% more than what the typical
house old earns annually okay that's a
problem it's
more that it's more you see and that's
an average that's just an average so
this is the problem where all the prices
of stuff is going up and then you say
okay well I want a better wage I want a
better salary you negotiate the better
salary and they just start firing
people do you see the problem here
retirement CR crisis looms As Americans
struggle to save people can't save
particularly when they're in this
circumstance where you know you're
you're looking at this doesn't matter
what they were making what they are
making and all these things the the
bills are going higher and higher and
higher huge
concern looking at this Canada ranks
last in Primary Health Care access among
10 wealthy
countries so supposedly free health care
oh it's all Fant Fantastic look at how
wonderful everything is doing oh it's so
good last
last they continuously cut Services
people don't know this why is it
becoming so popular in Canada to have
Private health
clinics it's free it it's free to have
the public and it's supposedly fantastic
so why are public private healthcare
clinics popping up everywhere it's
because the services of those other
things are getting cut cut cut oh it's
free
though yep
sure can America's middle class still
afford home ownership in
2024 these are the things that are going
on right now well of course people can't
and I think it's pretty clear when you
see what's happening that it can't and
it's all because they devalued the
currency and guess what they're going to
do a lot more of
that of course we have Canada's largest
Telecom cutting 9% of the jobs Outlook
is soft look you can see this all over
the place more and more and more they
are cutting cutting
cutting this is a worry this is a
concern and here we go now I want to
make something very
clear I need to preface this we are
about to face living standard clients
like we have never seen before I'm
talking worse
at at the very least the living standard
decline from 2020 into 2024 you can
expect that again at the very minimum
all right what I'm about to show you
what has there it's been part of a lot
of misinformation that's been going on
out there uh I'll tell you that this is
from the Calgary Herald so it's a
newspaper in Canada and they this is an
opinion article but of course we've seen
a lot of other information coming out
that does suggest this but I want to
make it clear that Trudeau as wonderful
as he is his hair is
fantastic he did not say this so you're
going to search this on the internet and
and it makes it seem like he said this
and he didn't say this quote this is
part of an opinion article if you did if
you do have some video or something of
him actually saying it send it to me and
then I can make sure that that is
corrected but the way that I read this
the way that I looked through I tried I
scoured the internet around this it is
not actually him saying it this is an
opinion okay but again we've seen
countless institutions and the
government itself suggesting something
to this effect anyway but I want to make
it clear okay because I like to be
honest I don't like to get too extreme
in things despite okay we got the
Trudeau government its own projections
is expecting a 100 Megaton reduction in
the oil and gas sector by 2030 exactly
how not specified but potentially so
what do we know for sure they want to
reduce the oil and gas sector by 2030
terrible news for Canada being a
resource Nation okay you're you're
getting rid of oil and gas and that's
not very good for Alberta who's relying
on that okay uh but we have this okay so
we have all these different things um
don't basically just kill those
businesses that's what they want to do
but the one I highlighted is um terrible
it's I mean I couldn't believe it um but
here we go limit personal consumption of
hydrocarbons by individual Canadians in
terms of allowable miles travel by motor
vehicle train or air I've talked about
this before so just but seeing it in
print is a little bit crazy we've seen
the world economic Forum talk about
similar things we've seen others talk
about similar things that what do we do
you get an allotment you get an
allotment you were allowed this many and
that allotment might be something you
never even use it's five times higher
than what you would use so it doesn't
even bother you there's just one problem
though we ENT enter an emergency oh it's
an emergency we got to reduce the
allotment but it's only temporary guys
it's only two weeks right we heard that
one before just two weeks and these
things start to add up and of course you
have an issue when this
just basically your your daily life is
now
impacted by something that the
government put in place I mean it could
affect the way that you live your life
do you see this do you see this as a
problem this is a big
concern they could absolutely restrict
travel they could do this very well by
different means or they say there's no
restrict they don't call it a
restriction what they can do is
basically saying this is your
allotment and there's no issue with with
going over you go over your allotment oh
you just pay a tax you pay a fine you
pay a
fee and it's all automated you know it
just it goes in your taxes at the end of
the year they make it super easy and and
seamless and and there's no friction
there so you can just drive oh oh I went
over just like you would pay a toll on a
toll road no big deal right but those
continue to increase and who does it
impact the most it's those that are not
in the Elite
Class they don't care about paying a
higher fee or tax okay it's it's
insignificant in terms of their wealth
so who is this really targeting it's
everybody else do you see the big
concern do you see the problem here and
why I believe people should get wise to
this fact we need geographical
diversification number one we need
currency diversification making money
from different parts of the world and
the ability to get up and go at any time
most people their position where they
work the everything is focused around a
local area and that is a very dangerous
thing we need to start opening our eyes
to the reality of this circumstances we
live in today I help people every Sunday
in the money GPS business life for over
two hours every Sunday and I just teach
people how to build an online business
and how to be able to escape the 9th to
five it is a paradigm shift that's
required but I I think the people that
are in the group are absolutely
fantastic and I'm so excited to see what
they've been building all right I want
to thank you for being here hit that
Thumbs Up Button if you do appreciate
this information I know it's not fun I
know it's not Tik Tock and whatever but
I do appreciate that hit that thumbs up
button and as always I'll see you
tomorrow take care